Readme migration from common (#768)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: java/add-graphics-symbols/README.md

# Add graphics with symbols

Use a symbol style to display a graphic on a graphics overlay.

> ![Add Graphics with Symbols App](add-graphics-symbols.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Image of adding graphics with symbols](add-graphics-symbols.png)
```
